a 1-mile in cloth badges and showers
early Friday but improving six miles on
Friday morning okay so it's sad no - I
need to take a shower do my hair do my
makeup eat breakfast in like
30-something minutes so I'm gonna go
ahead and take a shower and I'll be back
and then we'll get ready for the day
[Music]
um I literally just put pajamas back I'm
going to go ahead and get ready I'm not
gonna do very much because I don't have
the kind of time I said it before and
I'll say it again life moves pretty fast
[Music]
it's not about personality matrixels and
charts it's all about the b-bumps in
your heart
[Music]
Alexa what's the weather outside right
now in Marietta it's 44 degrees
Fahrenheit with mostly cloudy skies with
a high of 58 degrees and a low of 36
degrees you heard it from Alexa first
it's really gonna be cold outside like
44 degrees we have like 10 minutes so
I'm gonna pack up my backpack and then
we'll head downstairs for some breakfast
all right so today I'm gonna go put some
stuff in this and oh my gosh I
officially need to leave dude I have too
much stuff
I don't door what the heck the light
okay I'm not shutting off that lamp
someone else should have done that no
one Alexa was talking about it's
probably just because I'm sweating when
I get a car when I'm like thirty maybe
it's gonna be a car with the flat hood
like this thing - no way man probably
change my camera from like falling off
into my own meal which I should probably
not have said routes that will probably
happen but right now okay alright we
made it this is not usually my morning
routine I have to like confess to you
because I go to a scripture study class
for my church every morning before
school so today we didn't have that so
this is kind of like when my morning
routine would be like if I had my
mornings every day but I don't I usually
leave
my house is like 605 so I don't get to
like do a ton of stuff before I leave
I'm gonna give you some morning
motivation today is going to be a great
day I want you to smile be nice to the
people around you even if they make you
mad keep some good food and live your
life well I should not bet on a career
in motivational speaking anyway just I
hope you have a good day it's not a good
one right now then do your best to make
it as good as you can because today is
one day out of your life and you don't
want to waste it on being mad and upset
at everyone around you you want to take
hold of your dreams and go for it today
if you're thinking of something what I
said dream go for it
do it don't wait around start now and do
it now so that you don't look back and
you're like why didn't I do that okay
okay dude I'm literally gonna make it on
time that I usually go in I always love
the sky here it's always like super
pretty hard seeing you but like that
that like where you were I'm like I
would be like that sometimes that is
that audio you want me to get a better
angle because you're like cutoff right
no sir yeah I do want to coast right
loan okay in case you're wondering what
he meant by this there's a joke going
around between me and my friends about
me looking like post Malone so if you
think that then make sure you comment it
down below I'd like to know how many
people actually think I look like
personal so there it is not in this
video
so is this video just you eating
breakfast
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah okay close your eyes okay now just
point go where are you living the middle
of the ocean no like what's the closest
thing it was uh sorry Leon
it is now currently 12:03 and i am now
in study hall i have study hall every
day right after lunch which is really
nice because it's like makes it lead him
to just getting my work done and stuff
so I already imported over a little bit
of footage from my sd card somebody made
a first date so I'm gonna do it and then
I got some composition work to finish I
push you or eat are you doing so okay
guys I am done with school now I'm
headed to the floral shop to go shoot
the video with Caroline so that's where
we're headed and then tonight I'm gonna
go hang out with some friends which
actually doesn't usually happen the
school day was good we got a lot of
homework we also got our biology test
back which we took yesterday and this
biology course is so hard okay not
these also dumbly a three-point turn a
little while me not knowing where I was
going trying to find my way back to the
right lines gonna be like why did it
take you so long from your school to my
shop when it's literally like two
minutes away because I'm stupid and I
don't know how to drive in the right
directions
[Music]
is that fine if I talk yeah say hi okay
so we just filmed a video for Caroline
it was a hand-tied garden bouquet
tutorial so that's why all this stuff is
everywhere and I just I've just been
working on the thumbnail really quick so
we've got that done I'll probably be
editing some of that tonight this is
what the thumbnail looks like I will
link the video down below whenever it's
finished and uploaded so if you want to
learn how that's making hand-tied garden
bouquet it was a lot of fun I'm actually
like super excited to try to learn how
to I'm actually instead of having to do
a senior thesis I'll do a senior project
and it's gonna be like a video for the
school but it's like my senior project
so I don't have to write a 20-page
hopefully if the vote goes through
there's not really any subject that I'm
not interested in that I'd want to write
a 20-page paper and it would be good it
would be good professional today but I
also want to go into like them
photography for my minor so like so then
I can also give that to the school and
be like hey so this is like where I'm at
I'm currently staying after a little bit
tell Caroline out with some boutonnieres
ribboning them and in case you wanted to
know I've actually been helping Caroline
I was 13 the videos are funny way to
kind of help her out so yeah I really
hope you guys enjoyed that little
morning routine slash vlog of my day
that's just kind of what it transformed
into and I hope you liked it I love
doing these kind of videos so make sure
to let me know if you like them I love
you guys so much and I will see you in
my next video
[Music]
what I want